welcome you to the first annual Taste of
hate show
here with Leila floor this is Miss
Florida plus she's representing America
is there anything you like to let the
Haitian community know yes I am my name
again my name is Lila for my platform is
HIV and AIDS my uncle died in 2000 1994
and my platform is HIV and AIDS because
the epidemic of HIV and AIDS is so
serious and the number of people that
are living with either HIV and AIDS and
dying with HIV and AIDS is increasing
he'll a vision TV this is your girl
Sophie Sheila no Lana not Miami city's
not Miami taste of Haiti Michelle Yeoh
go P my pic Lisa P stood by guy net so
my heart let's show we have DJ Nikki mix
look a moon moon I see a pin monkey
soybean support a no it's a nice event
for other community join North Miami
you've done it this time
stay tuned for more with us on TV
TV we're here with representative state
representative Daphne Campbell Miss
Campbell is there anything like to let
the community know the Haitian community
young case of community alteration
community
well first mv-22 one captain my première
fois say deputed Daphne can board you
should show you it in first year merica
almost stuff with a gay never get a gram
of women a day districts and with law
but unfortunately you know proper
members and Z but she's just my heart
and now surely you come to leave women
and public who Tina cotton a district
multiframe Obama fair podium trivia
outside but poor people you know latina
co-op with Tanaka and went a-courtin
flame or bomb co+ Impala de camino de la
fórmula de sanam so camino de cabeza
sample simmons ano kimono simon peachy
of lemon where kidney for you are suing
ICN yeah c'mon me gusta la CIMA sulky I
see a little I see ladies can you please
tell us why should we someone like me
take like a man especially ladies from
you guys well I think recommend tastes
amazing honestly it's better than
redbull monster we beat all the
competition and it doesn't make you feel
you know really tired when it's you know
you're coming down from the energy
and it doesn't make you feel too full so
it's just perfect so try it
Carlene avec me pow I saw the name and I
had to stop and see what it's about
miscounting James has a little bit about
your company yes my name is Colleen I'm
the founder and CEO of maple gourmet hot
sauce founded in 2009 this hot sauce is
a hot sauce that you cannot eat without
it it is the renowned for the chefs all
the chefs they know about it it's made
with exotic peppers vinegar olive oil in
our special blend of hearts and spices
Archangel when did you get here I have a
Haitian corn meal with tilapia avocado
and piggley's la la foto de nosh and my
company is affair creations this is a
ceramic arts company and this started
after the earthquake in Haiti after I
went to volunteer and I helped many
artists over there I said six months and
when I came back here I you know
sorry wanted to do my own thing name is
Gilles wah in viscose feel at the
Consulate General of Haiti in Miami more
part of the organizers of the event we
partnered with the Haitian culinary
alliance so Shoji ala New Haven II in
Nevada Christianization so we can't
forget you finger tip the magic happen
now Gabby MA
okay if we we get a bunch of eboard
Roger bag a coke Angelica Oh Johnny
large or gel or not mommy
so it's a first in it's a big success we
have the Miami Dolphins here new gay
Miami Marlins so to tell expect at Tampa
ammonal in Sylacauga do I'm sorry in
after news about any illegal affair
Ebisu boat a local spot a paella paella
new faces immunity new supportive